Add issues templates (#4010)
telefonicaid/fiware-orion: .github/workflows/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/bug_report.md

---
name: Bug report
about: Create a report to help us improve
title: ''
labels: 'bug'
assignees: ''

---

**Bug description**
A clear and concise description of what the bug is. Please do not forget to add:

> - Orion version: X.Y.Z

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Orion version: X.Y.Z (this can be get with `GET /version` in the API port or using `contextBroker --version`)
```

Author: Added in https://github.com/telefonicaid/fiware-orion/pull/4010/commits/6b153302f407775679adbb469c3cfb064acd76e3

- MongoDB version X.Y
- Env variables or CLI parameters

> - Operating System or Docker Image used

Author: Added description details list

Author: NTC

**How to reproduce it**
Steps to reproduce the behavior (as an example)

> 1. Send `GET /version`

Reviewer: It is not usual that `GET /version` plays a role in bugs, so I'd suggest to remove this step.

Author: Done in https://github.com/telefonicaid/fiware-orion/pull/4010/commits/6b153302f407775679adbb469c3cfb064acd76e3

> 2. Create a subscription `POST /v2/subscriptions ...`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Create an entity `POST /v2/entities ...`
```

Both are usual operations, but I think that entity creation is most common that subscription creation, thus better to be use as example sequence in bug.

Author: Done in https://github.com/telefonicaid/fiware-orion/pull/4010/commits/6b153302f407775679adbb469c3cfb064acd76e3

3. Check the log '....'
4. See error in the request response

> It is extremely useful to add `curl` request examples for each step steps to reproduce the problem.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is extremely useful to add `curl` request examples for each step steps to reproduce the problem (i.e. in the above example, the `curl` to reproduce `POST /v2/entities` in step 1)
```

---
name: Bug report
about: Create a report to help us improve
title: ''
labels: ''
assignees: ''

---

**Describe the bug**
A clear and concise description of what the bug is.

**To Reproduce**
Steps to reproduce the behavior:
1. Go to '...'
2. Click on '....'
3. Scroll down to '....'

> 4. See error

Reviewer: Cosas como click on o scroll down no aplica. Habría que orientarlo al tipo de funcionalidad que tiene Orion, que es básicamente un servidor de API.

Mencionaría que lo ideal es que nos pasen ejemplos en curl. Es lo ideal para reproducir un bug.

**Expected behavior**
A clear and concise description of what you expected to happen.

**Screenshots**
If applicable, add screenshots to help explain your problem.

> **Desktop (please complete the following information):**

Reviewer: Desktop no creo que aplica en el caso del CB

Author: Fixed in https://github.com/telefonicaid/fiware-orion/pull/4010/commits/36f457ac42e20f4415edcfb1e0930d61c0ee441e

 - OS: [e.g. iOS]
 - Browser [e.g. chrome, safari]
 - Version [e.g. 22]

> **Smartphone (please complete the following information):**

Reviewer: Smartphone creo que al caso del CB no aplica

Author: Fixed in https://github.com/telefonicaid/fiware-orion/pull/4010/commits/36f457ac42e20f4415edcfb1e0930d61c0ee441e

---
name: Bug report
about: Create a report to help us improve
title: ''
labels: 'bug'
assignees: ''

> ---

Author: Fixed in https://github.com/telefonicaid/fiware-orion/pull/4010/commits/dc99783e887c86a8b586f0f5006ec885c202049a

**Bug description**
A clear and concise description of what the bug is. Please do not forget to add:

> - Orion version: X.Y.Z (this can be get with `GET /version` in the API port or using `contextBroker --version`)- 
> MongoDB version X.Y

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Orion version: X.Y.Z (this can be got with `GET /version` in the API port or using `contextBroker --version`)
- MongoDB version X.Y
```

- Env variables or CLI parameters
- Operating System or Docker Image used

**How to reproduce it**
Steps to reproduce the behavior (as an example)
1. Create a subscription 
    ```BASH
    curl -iX POST 'http://localhost:1026/v2/entities' \
    -H 'Content-Type: application/json' \
    -d '
    {
        "id": "Bug:007",
        "type": "bug",
        "status": {
            "type": "Text",
            "value": "fixed"
        },
        "created": {
            "value": "2021-12-01T9:35:00Z",
            "type": "DateTime"
        }  
    }'
    ```

> 2. Check the log '....'
> 3. See error in the request response

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. See error in the request response
3. Check the log '....'
```

More "natural" this way: you would get the error response as result of the curl above before checking the logs.

> It is extremely useful to add `curl` request examples for each step steps to reproduce the problem (i.e. in the above example, the `curl` to reproduce `POST /v2/entities` in step 1)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is extremely useful to add `curl` request examples for each step to reproduce the problem (as in the above example, the `curl` to do the `POST /v2/entities` in step 1)
```
